Hello everyone faced such a problem
on cars mazda 6 2015 release
that not even every dealer knows how to
solve the problem lies with the function
connection with MS machine supports
SMS and pressure notification process with
Email
what is it that is you are driving
someone writes you a message
stop that is movement on it
work and you car Cupid what you
there is one message you can read
and also you can message with
Email
At first it's me here is the menu
it was just not active that is by
principle so much pressure that is
you see yes here is sulfur and nobody knew nobody
could not explain how to do it
so she was
the workers came to the dealer the diver did not say
what lada you know is everything
only in europe it works for us
there is no such thing and so the navigation map
the same thing told me but in real
It turned all the way around that for this
I had to do it all now
will show when we connect the phone
here we have bluetooth you will see
mazda machine
go here and you need to put this
tick pressure indicators initially
Now she does not worth it to us at
any beads is if you have a phone
iphone 6 5 we are four so on no matter
put this tick after that you
all at once it will work and suddenly
she didn't earn you anyway gray
flip through what we do go in
settings and here we remove these ticks
i.e. automatic unloading and
the download itself is reset again
turn back on the menu then you
will earn that is to principle such
Here you are for example a message with
email hello meter
left comments that is, we can
read we can listen
comments julep 2801 hello
dmitry julie 2801 left comments
logbook entry and drill back and
I hoped that there would be good
training does not have to spend on it
before now
Well, something like this
the same for example messaging that is
please enter the message and we also
we see that here is something well, something like this
i.e. it works
In principle, the function is convenient but also the most
the main thing is that if she has a car she
should work here again say
dealers know nothing when started
ask questions but nobody wants can
read nothing so forth i mean i
I hope that I helped someone